# Antonio Hernandez Ruiz(ahern336)
 
## Collaborations/Summary
 
   In this lab I received help from people in the Discord class channel including someone named Gavin Lebo who in specific helped with initializing the time to 1 whenever starting the toaster. The people there helped me with certain logic, like how to get the 8 values from the ADC and also how to make my Leds turn off at the correct intervals. Some of the logic was confusing so getting help from people was something that I really appreciated. To summarize this lab I believe that the most important aspects of it were using all the knowledge of working with the physical kit from the last lab. Also knowing how to work with state machines. The lab manual did a great job of covering all this
 
 
## Lab Approach
 
   My approach to this lab was to start as early as possible as the lab doc suggested and I am very glad that I did. I made sure to read the Lab manual as many times as possible in order to understand it completely. I completed everything in the order that the lab doc specified and that made things much easier. As I worked through it I had some trouble with turning off the Leds at a good time and also just the formatting of the display, but in the end I got it down and all went well. If I were to do this lab again I don't think I would do anything different. I worked very well with other students in the class for this lab, like I said in my collaborations I received a lot of help.
 
 
## Lab Results
 
   The results of this lab were good I think, I was able to complete it and get things done. In total I spent around 6 to 8 hours on this lab and most of my time was spent reading the lab doc making sure that I didn't do something that broke a rule. I like seeing things on the kit physically instead of just on a screen again just like the last lab. I didn't dislike anything, just that MPLAB is sometimes a bit difficult to work with, but this lab was definitely worth it. I believe that having more demos would definitely help with this lab more, but other than that the grading distribution and the material in the lab doc are excellent. My section and the lectures also helped me a lot. Also my program is a bit more accurate than the demo, it does not have the same delay, I hope that is fine and I don't get any points reduced. For my extra credit I set a counter for every TIMER_TICK and when that counter reached 2 I initiated the flashing by using an if statement that switched the value of a variable named inverted to TRUE or FALSE. I was not able to get it to 2hz as the lab doc specified or at the flashing speed that the demo showed because using 2 was too fast and 3 was too slow. To explain further, in a case called EC after I made a counter for every timer tick. I set a conditional to execute every time the counter reached 3. Then inside that I had another if statement that checked for a boolean variable named inverted. If not inverted, I set it to TRUE, else I set it to FALSE. At the end I just called the updateOvenOled function and  reset the counter. Then I checked for button 4 up events and in there I set inverted to TRUE and reset everything back to normal. Inside of my update oven oled function is where I checked for the state of the oven and if it was EC then I checked if inverted was true or false. If true I set the display to normal and if not I set it to inverted using OledSetDisplayNormal and OledSetDisplayInverted.